hey so today I thought I would go
incognito on Roblox and I thought what
is the least suspicious animal of them
all and I chose a
giraffe Press
Start oh it didn't work it didn't work
at all it's someone's already spotted me
but today guys we are back in my theme
park because you guys absolutely loved
the last video so much that you were
asking me over and over again to play it
again so here we are back in my amazing
theme park what do you think what do you
think it's getting kind of dark and
apparently there's lights around here
that I haven't been able to find so
let's try and find them shall we cuz
it's getting dark oh no someone's found
me someone's found me I thought this
giraffe hat would have been good enough
of a disguise oh man hi hello do you
want to do you want to spend some time
in my theme park if you got a dinosaur
on your shoulder and you got a dinosaur
Tail as well that's really weird okay so
I knew that there was different kind of
categories on here but I didn't know
that the light was literally there
that's a light is that even a light this
is this is the worst light I've ever
seen is this even a light I wanted like
a lamp post not a ceiling light I cannot
find it anywhere I literally cannot find
it anywhere there's a heart tree right
there which I can unlock but there's no
lights no lights whatsoever so I give up
I'm a giraffe in a pool and I give up
wait a second wait a second I see
someone that's got lights right I'm
going to visit another theme park let's
go go go go go I am a super speed
giraffe I actually really like this hat
look how have they got these let me have
a look at this they've got torches and
stuff how did you get those oh there's
lots of trash here lots of trash here
there's so this isn't a theme park this
is like a shopping mall they've got
pizza they've got ice cream they got
three pizza stores look so I need to
look for these
torches they must be here somewhere
doesn't it look like I'm some kind of
crazy giraffe superhero I mean I think
it does I just need like a giraffe
themed cape and then I'm pretty much
done Lantern oh man it's a lantern oh
how have I never spotted that before I
think we can do this now there we go
there's a lantern perfect now we can
actually light up our Park while we're
in build mode it looks okay what it look
like normally there we go we just needed
some lanterns thank you guys thank you
thanks for the help so all of the stuff
that's unlocked in this Theme Park
Tycoon is unlocked via achievements
which are like this so we've got
achievements but we can't actually see
what we do for them and we unlock
different rides depending on which
achievement we unlock so we need to try
and figure out how on Earth we unlock
these jails oh jeez do we get put in
prison somehow I have no idea we got two
the moon Deca kill for the extreme
children stash money okay I have no idea
I thought thought I was going to be able
to guess what I need to do but I have no
idea right I think we need to up the
entrance fee to my theme park I'm going
to see if $50 is a little bit too crazy
let's see if it works cuz if they're
paying it then that means we're earning
over double what we were getting before
and I think we kind of need to to do a
new roller coaster because that one's
that one's okay but it's not great I
kind of like our log flume cuz it's kind
of simple oh actually we can buy
extensions can't we we can buy
extensions for our land let's see how
much it is it's 5, 000 5,000 10,000 and
20,000 we have 26,000 so we could buy
this piece of land here and make a new
roller coaster so you know what I'm
going to do it let's buy this one I
think this is the one we need to buy
there we go wa our Park just got
absolutely insane that's like that's
like a quarter of the size added yeah
and we do actually have a different
roller coaster we have an inverted
roller coaster so let's try this out
shall we let's try and make it go
throughout the whole park and create the
most extreme roller coaster you have
ever seen let's do this okay so to start
off we're going to go this way and then
we're going to go straight
up there we go and it already crosses
this roller coaster here so these guys
are going to go under the new roller
coaster and then this one's going to go
over the old one and I'm going to try
and get them to kind of intertwine as
well I want this to go really high how
high can we get this thing oh my
goodness oh my goodness can we not go
higher than that that is amazing though
okay that's the highest we can go but
that is awesome look how high that is
now I want to make it drop actually
let's see what special ones we have cuz
we do have special things we got
chicanes long chicanes um flat wide
turns I can't seem to unlock the um the
loops I must need to unlock them later
on but let's do a spiral down can we do
that will that work a it collides with
itself how am I supposed to make one if
it collides with itself oh dude look at
this look at this it's going to spiral
all the way down oh my goodness this is
insane okay this is going to go well
where does this end I need to go around
one more time I think I need to go left
or right I'm not too sure okay so this
is taking me way too long and I've spent
way too much money I might even run out
of money again in a minute I need to
finish this coaster but look at the blue
this is the stupidest roller coaster you
have ever seen in your life and probably
one of the most expensive as well so
here we go let's just press this and
actually I need to add breakes because I
didn't add breakes to my last one and
that was a very very bad thing to do so
we got some breaks up in there let's do
a right turn no let's do a a forward
turn forward turn what a left turn
forwards forwards forwards forwards
please be enough money I just had to get
a little bit more more money more money
and left yes I think this is it I think
this is it we've completed the roller
coaster boom there we
go this is the stupidest coaster ever so
we're going to put um this here and then
we're going to put the exit over here
and let me just link these guys up and
then we're going to test this bad boy
out this is going to be called This is
literally going to be called the
stupidest coaster ever yeah and it's
going to cost $40 to ride so if we open
this for testing real quick we should be
able to jump in quick quick go get in
get in F yeah here we go so this is
first person this is going to be insane
let me just cross this off and here we
go this is the stupidest roller coaster
ever I don't even know if it works yet
so this is how we test it let's look
around as well it's a lot it's this is
the highest you can go in your roller
coaster so I don't know if it's going to
work look at this on the way down it's
inverted as well so you hang below here
we go here we go there turn left and
yeah oh my goodness okay this is insane
I'm on I'm on the top what I don't
remember that in this is so cool it
shimmy to the right a little bit yeah
there we go there we go Shimmy Shimmy
Shimmy and then this is the bit that
might not work I have no idea here we go
yes all the way down please make it up
don't hit ourselves no oh oh we made it
oh I made it I thought it wasn't going
to make it for a second but we're going
all the way down into a cork screw to
the right and up please make it please
make it please make it yes I put the
chain is just in the right place yes
here we're going to see if our roller
coaster breaks actually work here we go
here comes the drop here comes the drop
it's a shame we can't get any boosters
here comes the drop yes then we go under
the bit that we started with and round
the brakes work they certainly do and
then we finish it off what do you think
guys oh my goodness look at his face oh
that is amazing
look what has happened but anyway that
is something I am pretty proud of and
now we just need to figure out where on
Earth going to put the um the queue from
I think we might be able to sneak it in
here so let's try that shall we oh no no
I've been run over by a roller coaster
I'm just trying to put my Q path down
whoops and this should be the final bit
boom okay so now we need to do the exit
path which is hopefully a lot easier and
then we can connect it to where can we
connect it to maybe this bit yep I think
that works right let's open this puppy
shall we here we go open yours for a m
40 dollars now we need to add some
lanterns up in here now that we know
where they are we can add in some lights
so people don't trip people don't kill
themselves it's going to be a lot better
experience okay so I've got myself some
lanterns spotted around and this is a
lot better check this out this is a
really long walk up to here but I think
they'll forgive us when they get to try
the stupidest roller coaster ever I'm so
proud of it and I think we desperately
need some bins up here because people
are dropping stuff all over the place so
let's grab some I think it's in scenery
if we can grab some uh some stuff no
it's in Pathways it's in Pathways let's
grab some trash cans let's buy these
ones and stop throwing stuff on the
floor you animals oh my goodness oh my
goodness I've just found the Lights I've
just found the proper lights what is
wrong with me I can't believe it you
know what I think the lanterns actually
look kind of better anyway and yeah
that's that's going to be my excuse look
they look cool right they better than
the actual lamp
posts okay let's see what people are
saying about the park shall we I'm
excited for the stupidest coaster ever
thirsty thirsty um teacups is incredibly
cheap hungry thirsty hungry I need to
sit down okay um restroom okay we need a
lot more of these so we need pizza we
need ice cream we need drinks right now
ice cream anyone no that's pizza but do
you want some pizza anyway no you guys
were complaining you were complaining
that you didn't have enough stuff so I'm
giving it to you oh I've got a clean up
all this trash as well you guys are so
messy ah this guy wants Pizza look don't
mind me just a giraffe cleaning up trash
don't mind me oh my goodness guys there
is so much trash absolutely everywhere
do you think do you think this is what
we want to do us giraffes clean up trash
all day no no it isn't so what rides
haven't we actually placed down we've
got oh frisbee we haven't put this guy
down right it's time for a frisbee the
only problem is where to put it because
it's absolutely huge can we put it here
no we can't put it anywhere near the
roller coasters can we put it there what
about here what about here what about if
we rotate it there must be a way we can
fit this in oh what about here does it
fit does it fit it does yes okay we've
got a frisbee coming in so we're going
to put that there the exit is going to
go here okay let me just let me just
hook this up and I can hook up these
beautiful Park guests with a new ride
$25 for the Frisbee guys roll up roll up
we need some more lights up in here
let's grab some lanterns no see look
there's these lights they look okay but
I actually think the lanterns kind of
look better yeah look how awesome these
look you know what things are looking
great we've got 92 guests even though we
made the price what like $100 was it $50
that's $50 per person that's a lot of
money and we've got
$14,000 in the bank now which rides
don't we have in our thing thing we
don't have we have a water ride we don't
have a transport train but I don't think
we can fit one right now there's way too
much stuff going on but things are
looking good okay guys people are
complaining they can't sit down so we
are going to buy loads of benches let's
buy the nice benches cuz I mean why not
let's put some on the cues we can't put
them on the cues let's put some over
here let's put one over here okay all
the benches in the world guys you're
going to have the most comfiest butts in
this theme park and just like that Eevee
we can see sit together and admire this
amazing amazing theme park guys look
we've got another achievement nice theme
park we've got three and a half Stars
rating I completely missed that do we
get anything for that uh what was it
called nice theme park nice theme park
the multi launch roller coaster no way
look everyone's loving oh jeez Fabian
this this should not have happened right
now this is very weird we just unlocked
another roller coaster where is it where
is it what is the multi- launch does
that mean you can have two at once I
think we should buy this bit of land
here there we go and see if we can build
one of these but a lot simpler we don't
want to go wacky cuz we've got two very
very big roller coasters so let's see if
we can try our luck building one here
right next to this other person wow look
at there they got a really cute little
track going on that's that's awesome I
don't think this is going to work I
really don't think this is going to work
I have got how much money 11,000 to
build another roller coaster yeah I
don't think this is going to happen but
I'm going to give it a go I want to make
just like one that goes up and up and up
and then just comes straight down and I
still don't know what multi-launch means
at all oh now you're talking check this
out look we can go spiral all the way up
to the top I didn't even know you could
do this how far can we go we can go up
to here okay let's do this let's finish
this one off let's go flat and then we
should be able to drop this straight
down how how quick can we do this I
don't want to go up I want to go down
there we go I need more money I need
more money oh why I'm going to make the
simplest coaster that's going to scare
the socks off everyone who goes on it
check it out you can go straight down
you can go straight down oh my goodness
this is going to be so intense look at
this that is
crazy there it is there it is the
terrifying
terrifying drop should we just make the
roller coaster like this and that's it I
think that might work as a roller
coaster let's see if we can um can we
wrap it up like this I think we might
have to go left first yeah let's go left
and then left and then right we can add
boosters you actually can add boosters I
didn't even know that right let's um
just add some breaks cuz this is going
to be dangerous and then one more set of
breaks and then we're done roller
coaster complete I still don't know what
multi- launch means I'm guessing maybe
they launch more than one at the same
time I mean that would make sense but
now I've got to put this down and then
oh man how I'm going to do the exit on
this I can't go around there I might
have to attach it to the same exit I'm
pretty sure I could do that okay that's
all the paths done and now you know what
before we launch this thing we need to
test it and quickly go in here quick
press F press F okay we're good we're
good I'm just going to go up here and
test it this is going to be nuts we have
built two incredibly stupid roller
coasters but I think they're going to
have a great time on it look at this can
you imagine being on this as it goes up
oh hello moon how you doing it spirals
all the way up this is going to be so
fast we've got like a vertical drop
that's insane here we go oh it's
happening it's happening it's happening
here we
go oh that made me feel weird just
watching it look how fast that goes that
is actually really really cool I like
that and I love this face as well so
we're going to open it and we are going
to call it um the dumb coaster I mean
what why not and we're going to make it
$40 because we want to earn a lot of
money from this it's genius where does
this even end I've completely forgotten
I completely forgot where it goes oh it
goes here so people should be able to
join the queue right is anyone going to
go and try out the brand new roller
coaster no don't be fooled by its name
it's it's really really fun I promise
the stupidest coaster ever is extremely
cheap no way I put that up so far as
well let's see if we can click it from
here stupidest coaster ever let's bump
it up to $50 55 you know what if they're
going to complain it's cheap then I'm
going to bump up the prices why are
people not going on this they get to it
and then they turn around why are you
changing your mind it's open and it's
$40 is that why cuz it's $40 let's try
it on an introductory rate of 30 and
then see if anyone goes on it please
I've been ages making it go on Derek go
on Derek be the man you always wanted to
be and get on that cart do it do it
Derek yes yes Derek you are my best
friend you're my brand new best friend
finny you're going to get on as well
with your beautiful sweater vest yes he
is oh man I'm going to go out and buy a
sweater vest just after this just for
you Finn and Derek off off they go what
a champion Duo this is going to look
phenomenal it's going to look so good
we've got this cinematic shot ready for
Finn and Derek to go down the dumb
coaster the dumb coaster and we're on 91
visitors as well we haven't quite broken
100 yet I don't think I've seen anyone
break 100 yet we might need to take our
entrance fee down but here they come get
your arms up Lads get your arms up here
we go here we go ah F
Derek Fin and Derek you absolute Legends
you absolute Legends guys good job thank
you for riding the dumb coaster I hope
you enjoyed it and um I I'll see you
later I guess go and buy some hats and
stuff that would be fantastic would you
look at that a would you look at that
I've got a big no no no why are you
taking me away path don't do it don't do
it please no
oh come on I was trying to admire my
stars uh this isn't my Park I found I
found the Doom Park whoa what's this one
over here guys this one is insane this
makes my Park look like poop look at
this one this one's really really good
and it's got Lessing rating than me it's
an undertale theme park look at the
effort that's gone into this oh my words
this is so cool and what is this
ride that's awesome okay I'm going to
leave before I get way too jealous I
mean it's cool but have you got a
coaster called the dumb coaster I don't
think so we have arrived as I was saying
check it out four big gold or green
stars they are kind of green aren't they
but check it out we've actually got a
fourstar theme park I think it's the
roller coasters definitely there's two
more Chumps I mean I mean guests on the
on the dumb coaster oh man we need some
more visitors we got 93 still haven't
seen anyone break 100 maybe someone has
broken it while we've been recording but
I have no idea oh man you know what I
think we could get to five stars but I
don't think we've got enough time to do
that today so guys if you want to see
one more video with my giraffe hat or I
might switch out for like an elephant or
something that's a guarantee if if you
want another video please do leave a big
fat like on this video and maybe I will
wear a different mask for you and we
will try and get a big old festar theme
park this has been really fun thank you
guys so much for watching again if you
did enjoy it a like would be great
appreciated and if this happens to be
the first video you've seen by me please
do consider subscribing to join team TDM
today for daily gameplay videos apart
from that thank you guys again so much
for watching and I'll see you all in the
next one goodbye